menu.title.bg: 				        Flat Solid
menu.title.bg.color: 				#323232
menu.title.text.color: 				#CECECE
menu.title.text.justify: 	        left
menu.border.width: 			        10
menu.border.color:                  #323232
menu.overlap.x: 		            -18
menu.overlap.y:				        0
menu.items.bg: 				        Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: 				#323232
menu.items.text.color: 				#b5b5b5
menu.items.justify:                 left
menu.items.disabled.text.color:	    #2F3132
menu.items.active.bg: 			    Flat Solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: 		#323232
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo:		#191C1E
menu.items.active.text.color: 	    #ffffff
menu.separator.width:			    1
menu.separator.padding.width:	    4
menu.separator.padding.height:	    4
menu.separator.color:               #323232

window.active.title.bg: flat Gradient Vertical
window.active.title.bg.color: #2d2d2d
window.active.title.bg.colorTo: #2d2d2d
window.active.title.bg.shadow: 0

window.inactive.title.bg: flat Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.title.bg.color:  #2d2d2d
window.inactive.title.bg.colorTo:  #2d2d2d
window.inactive.title.bg.shadow: 0

window.label.text.justify: left
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color:#dcdcdc
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #888888

window.active.title.separator.color:  #4a4a4a
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #4a4a4a

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #989898


window.active.button.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #B87272


window.active.button.disabled.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #606060


window.active.button.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #ECECEC

window.active.button.toggled.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #989898


window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #424242


window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #535D5E


window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #606060


window.inactive.button.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #ECECEC


window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #898989

window.inactive.button.toggled.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #86B0D6


border.color: #cdcdcd
border.width: 0
padding.width: 8
padding.height: 4
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color:  #555555

osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #dcdcdc
osd.label.text.color: #3c3c3c
osd.hilight.bg: flat gradient vertical
osd.hilight.bg.color: #ADadad
osd.hilight.bg.colorTo: #7E7e7e

osd.unhilight.bg: flat gradient vertical
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #7E7e7e
osd.unhilight.bg.colorTo: #404040
